---
title: March 2015 Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2015-03-25
location: Niixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its March chapter meeting. This month’s meeting is the second of three hands-on sessions with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its March chapter meeting. This month’s meeting is the second of three hands-on sessions with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.

This second session will provide provide attendees with a hands-on overview of the open-source forensics tools built into Kali. Future sessions will include “Pentesting with Kali,” concluding with a Capture The Flag (CTF) event in a separate session.

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members. Pizza and beverages will be provided. Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where: Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When: Wednesday, March 25th, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, March 23rd.)

NOTE: If you missed the last session, you can still attend but will need to set up your environment prior to coming onsite.

## Hands-on Seminar: Open-source Forensics Using Kali Linux

Formerly known as Backtrack, Kali Linux is a powerful pentesting platform. Unlike other distros, Kali has tightly integrated a number of the top security testing tools available. Exercises will be designed to simulate real-world scenarios and will include both general goals and step-by-step instructions for a personal and in-depth learning experience.

### Agenda

* Discuss forensics methodology
* Review handy Linux command-line tools
* Survey open-source forensics tools
* Perform forensics analysis of a suspect USB drive

### Student Requirements

* Students should be comfortable in Linux—we’ll be using Kali (and its command-line) extensively during all three sessions as the attacking platform.
* A solid understanding of TCP/IP and various network services (DNS, DHCP, etc)
* Knowledge of a scripting language (Perl, Python, Ruby) is helpful, but not required.
* A tolerance/desire for moderate pain and suffering.

### What Students Should Bring

Students are required to bring their own Windows 64-bit laptops with a minimum 8 GB RAM installed.

* Administrative privileges (local admin equivalence is fine)
* At least 60 GB HD free
* Wireless network support
* USB 2 or higher support

(Note: We will be using VMware Player, so if you already have a licensed version of VMware Workstation installed on your laptop, screenshots in the step-by-step instructions will be close but not exact.)

### Trainers

Instruction will be provided by several members of the local Rochester ISSA chapter. Please keep heckling to a minimum.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, March 23rd to reserve your seat at this exciting event!
