---
title: February 2015 Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2015-02-23
location: Nixon Peabody
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its February chapter meeting.  This month’s meeting is the first of three hands-on sessions with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its February chapter meeting.  This month’s meeting is the first of three hands-on sessions with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.

The first session will provide an overview of Kali and walk attendees through installing, updating, and configuring their Kali environment as an attack platform.  Future sessions will include “Open-source Forensics using Kali” and “Pentesting with Kali.”

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members.  Pizza and beverages will be provided. Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where: Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When: Monday, February 23rd, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Thursday, February 19th.)

## Hands-on Seminar: Intro to Kali Linux

* Install VMware Player (free)
* Install Kali from ISO
* Update Kali using apt-get
* Install VMware Tools
* Install Metasploitable 2 client
* Install Nexpose
* Survey built-in security tools (ex. nmap, ncat, metasploit, etc.)

### Student Requirements

* Students should be comfortable in Linux—we’ll be using Kali (and its command-line) extensively during all three sessions as the attacking platform.
* A solid understanding of TCP/IP and various network services (DNS, DHCP, etc)
* Knowledge of a scripting language (Perl, Python, Ruby) is helpful, but not required.
* A tolerance/desire for moderate pain and suffering.

### What Students Should Bring

Students are required to bring their own Windows 64-bit laptops with a minimum 8 GB RAM installed.

* Administrative privileges (local admin equivalence is fine)
* At least 60 GB HD free
* Wireless network support
* USB 2 or higher support

(Note:  We will be using VMware Player, so if you already have a licensed version of VMware Workstation installed on your laptop, screenshots in the step-by-step instructions will be close but not exact.)

### Trainers

Instruction will be provided by several members of the local Rochester ISSA chapter.  Please keep heckling to a minimum.
