---
title: November 2015 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2015-11-19
location: Nixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the Dinosaur BBQ as well as a presentation by malware subject matter expert, Yury German, from Blue Coat.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the **Dinosaur BBQ** as well as a presentation by malware subject matter expert, **Yury German**, from Blue Coat!

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members. Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where: Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When: Thursday, November 19th, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, November 16th.)

## Special Presentation: Trends in Security and Malware including Zero Day Attacks

Yury will review the threat remediation lifecycle: “Block. Detect. Analyze. Remediate.” In addition, he will suggest ways that you can safeguard your organization against advanced persistent threats, detect both known and unknown malware, and contain/resolve incidents that have occurred. Trends in Linux and Windows Security, Malware Development to avoid detection, and Malware delivery will be discussed in detail.

### Yury German, Subject Matter Expert, Advanced Threat Protection Group, Blue Coat Systems, Inc.

Yury works with the advanced threats and incident response for Blue Coat dealing with Malware, Web Threats, and trends in the Advanced Threats space. He has also worked at major financials such as Citigroup, JPMC, and Credit Suisse in various security roles. Besides currently working for BlueCoat, Yury is also the Senior Security Maintainer for a major Linux Distribution, Gentoo Linux. In this role he handles all Linux vulnerabilities as part of an operating system maintenance strategy.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, November 16th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
