---
title: February 2016 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2016-02-25
location: Systems Management Planning, Inc. (SMP), Henrietta
teaser: Come join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its February chapter meeting and Happy Hour, sponsored by SMP at its offices in Henrietta.
---
Come join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its February chapter meeting and Happy Hour, sponsored by **SMP** at its offices in Henrietta.

Enjoy complimentary beverages while networking with local peers and colleagues. These events are a great way to kick off conversations with other security professionals as well as trade stories from the trenches!

**Where: Systems Management Planning, Inc. (SMP), 1020 John Street, W. Henrietta, NY 14586, 585.475.0670<br>
When:  Thursday, February 25th, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, February 23rd.)

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members.  Space is limited so please RSVP.

## Special Presentation: SSL Air Gap and NFV Firewalling in OpenStack

### Jesse Darrone

Jesse Darrone is a Field Systems Engineer with F5 Networks, specializing in Application Security with cross-discipline experience in Operations as well as Penetration Testing, Computer Forensics, Software Development, and DevOps.

### Aubrey King

Aubrey King is a Global Service Provider SE for F5 Networks and has 15 years IT operations experience in systems and security for service providers in the Rochester area.

Please contact Chris Fox, VP Sales and Business Development at SMP, via e-mail at [&#067;&#070;&#111;&#120;&#064;&#115;&#109;&#112;&#045;&#099;&#111;&#114;&#112;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;](&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;:&#067;&#070;&#111;&#120;&#064;&#115;&#109;&#112;&#045;&#099;&#111;&#114;&#112;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;) or in the office at 585-324-0853 for more information.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, February 23rd to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
