---
title: January 2016 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2016-01-27
location: Mulconry's Irish Pub & Restaurnat, Fairport
teaser: Come join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its January chapter meeting and Happy Hour at Mulconry’s next week, sponsored by Grey Castle Security.
---
Come join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its January chapter meeting and Happy Hour at **Mulconry’s** next week, sponsored by **Grey Castle Security**.

Enjoy hors d’oeuvres and beverages while networking with local peers and colleagues. These are great events to start up conversations with other organizations as well as trade stories from the trenches!

**Where: Mulconry’s Irish Pub & Restaurant, 17 Liftbridge Lane East, Fairport, NY 14450<br>
When: Wednesday, January 27th, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, January 25th.)

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members. Space is limited so please RSVP.

Many thanks to GreyCastle Security for stepping in to help us hold a January event!

## About GreyCastle Security

GreyCastle Security is an information security consulting firm, focusing on risk management, awareness and operational security. Our company was established because a need existed for an information security consulting firm truly focused on managing risks in people, process and technology, not pushing the latest hardware and software.

GreyCastle Security is dedicated to helping organizations just like yours reach security equilibrium—a place where your risks, resources and budget are in balance. When our team isn’t consulting, training or advising our clients, you can find them mentoring security students, educating CEOs and security professionals and speaking at security conferences and events.

Please contact Paul Robinson, CyberSecurity Solutions Advisor for GreyCastle Security, via e-mail at [&#112;&#114;&#111;&#098;&#105;&#110;&#115;&#111;&#110;&#064;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#121;&#099;&#097;&#115;&#116;&#108;&#101;&#115;&#101;&#099;&#117;&#114;&#105;&#116;&#121;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#032;](&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;:&#112;&#114;&#111;&#098;&#105;&#110;&#115;&#111;&#110;&#064;&#103;&#114;&#101;&#121;&#099;&#097;&#115;&#116;&#108;&#101;&#115;&#101;&#099;&#117;&#114;&#105;&#116;&#121;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#032;) or on his mobile phone at 585-455-7898 for more information.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, January 25th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
