---
title: September 2016 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2016-09-15
location: Nixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the Dinosaur BBQ as well as a presentation by incident response and forensics expert, Adam Dean.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the **Dinosaur BBQ** as well as a presentation by incident response and forensics expert, **Adam Dean**.

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members. Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where: Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When: Thursday, September 15th, 6:00 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, September 13th.)

## Special Presentation: Real Security Incidents, Unusual Situations.

Incident Response is a dynamic process where the unsuspected often becomes the root cause. From insider threats to unauthorized access with a bit of extortion, it isn’t always what it seems. Take a walk with GreyCastle Security down some seemingly normal paths that lead to the unexpected.
Adam Dean, GreyCastle Security

### Adam Dean

Adam Dean is a Security Specialist at GreyCastle Security, specializing in Incident Response and Digital Forensics. Since joining the firm in 2014, Adam has responded to a wide variety of security incidents ranging from data breaches to insider threats. Prior to joining GreyCastle Security, Adam earned a Bachelor’s of Science in Technology Forensics from the University of Advancing Technology in Tempe, Arizona.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, September 13th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
