---
title: June 2016 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2016-06-22
location: Mulconry's Irish Pub & Restaurant, Fairport
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its June Happy Hour event. The meeting has been sponsored by Vandis and Carbon Black, so appetizers and drinks will be served! Admission is free.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its June Happy Hour event. The meeting has been sponsored by **Vandis** and **Carbon Black**, so appetizers and drinks will be served! Admission is free.

Join Carbon Black and Vandis to see why end point security will become paramount as the threat and security landscape changes. Led by Carbon Black engineer Neil McCann and Vandis Senior Security Architect Jacob Dorland, learn how endpoint security will affect future trends, best practices and shape the competitive market. In addition, we will be discussing the recent rise of Ransomware and how organizations can protect against this evolving threat. Be sure to join us for this informative presentation and live demonstration at this month’s chapter meeting!

**Where: Mulconry’s Irish Pub & Restaurant, 17 Liftbridge Lane East, Fairport, NY 14450.<br>
When: Wednesday, June 22nd, 5:30 PM – 9 PM** (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Wednesday, June 17th.)

## Social Event

After a brief presentation upstairs at Mulconry’s Pub, enjoy hors d’oeuvres while networking with local peers and colleagues. These are great events to start up conversations with other organizations and trade war stories!

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Wednesday, June 17th to reserve your seat at this exciting event!
