---
title: April 2016 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2016-04-13
location: Nixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the Dinosaur BBQ as well as a presentation by renowned ethics professor, Bruce Oliver.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the **Dinosaur BBQ** as well as a presentation by renowned ethics professor, **Bruce Oliver**.

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members.  Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where:  Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When:  Wednesday, April 13th, 6:00 PM**  (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, April 11th.)

## Special Presentation: Legal and Ethical Issues in Technologically Intensive Environments with a Focus on Privacy

This presentation confronts attendees with privacy issues in a wide variety of legal and ethical contexts.  Aspects of security and the roles of technology are also discussed.  This exposure to dilemmas surrounding privacy/security issues provides a framework for understanding and dealing with legal and ethical issues which will help shape professional successes and failures.
Dr. Bruce Oliver

###  Dr. Bruce Oliver

Bruce Oliver is a retired Professor of Accounting (2013).  He taught at RIT from 1985 through 2013.  During this time he served in many roles, including department chairman, associate dean, director of the Saunders Institute for Business Ethics and Corporate Responsibility, and elected to two terms as chair of RIT’s Academic Senate.  During his 48 year teaching career he also taught at the University of Washington, University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, SUNY Albany, and RPI.

Dr. Oliver has published articles in numerous journals including, The Journal of Business Ethics, Journal of Accounting Research, Academy of Management Journal, and Decision Sciences.

He was an avid distance runner for many years and is proud to be the husband of Barbara Oliver.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, April 11th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
