---
title: June 2018 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2018-06-21
location: Mulconry's Irish Pub & Restaurant, Fairport
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its June chapter meeting and Happy Hour at Mulconry’s as well as an exciting presentation by cyber threat intelligence expert, Josh Burgess.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its June chapter meeting and Happy Hour at **Mulconry’s** as well as an exciting presentation by cyber threat intelligence expert, **Josh Burgess**.  There will even be a special raffle drawing for attendees with some great prizes provided by **Crowdstrike**.

Admission is free but space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where:  Mulconry’s Irish Pub & Restaurant, 17 Liftbridge Lane East, Fairport, NY 14450<br>
When:  Thursday, June 21st, 5:30 PM**  (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, June 12th.)

## Advanced Adversaries and Learning How to Stop Them – A CyberSecurity Intel Briefing

In an ever changing threat landscape, security teams are struggling to understand who the top threat actors are and how to stop them. Threat intelligence should be the driver behind your cybersecurity strategy and this crucial information is invaluable for organizations looking to update their response and detection programs as they defend against increasingly sophisticated advanced persistent threats.

* Spotlight on latest threats and who is responsible
* Effectively using cyber threat intelligence
* What can you do to minimize your risk of a breach

CrowdStrike tracks eCrime groups such as CARBON SPIDER. CARBON SPIDER focuses on the theft of funds and financial information for the purpose of monetization. CARBON SPIDER has been leveraging Bateleur JavaScript backdoor since November of 2017. Bateleur is a JavaScript (JS) implant that CrowdStrike has observed being delivered via a spear phishing campaign. Interested? CrowdStrike will be highlighting the latest tools, tactics, and procedures (TTPs) being used by adversaries today.

## Josh Burgess, Crowdstrike

Josh Burgess has more than decade of cyber threat analysis and mitigation experience serving in multiple positions including the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, as well as the Financial Sector. His main role in his current position at CrowdStrike is to support customers by applying his experience in actioning both short term tactical as well as longer term strategic intelligence data and reporting.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, June 12th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
