---
title: September 2018 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2018-09-20
location: Nixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the Dinosaur BBQ as well as a presentation by FishTech CTO, Shawn Butler.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for dinner from the **Dinosaur BBQ** as well as a presentation by **FishTech CTO, Shawn Butler**.

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members.  Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where:  Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 14th floor** (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
**When:  Thursday, September 20th, 6:00 PM**  (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, September 18th.)

## Special Presentation: Data Analytics: The Convergence of BI and Cloud Security.

As more and more organizations move their business operations into the cloud, there is an increasing need to ingest data analytics related to privacy and information security, particularly for identity and vulnerability management.  This presentation will explore the convergence of business intelligence and cloud security, its impact on data governance, as well as the rise of DevSec Ops.

### Shawn Butler, FishTech Group

Over the past 21 years, Shawn Butler has lead and supported teams as a CTO, Director of IT, Principal Architect, Principal Consultant, Data Network Analyst, and Data Network Consultant at Anixter, AT&T, GAK3, FishNet, Optiv, and FishTech Group.

His experience in the legal, healthcare, educational, manufacturing, retail, financial, insurance, and service provider verticals has enabled organizations to reduce costs, improve ROI, and solve problems within and between security, network, development, and business operations with agile, creative, low risk solutions.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Tuesday, September 18th to reserve your seat at this exciting event.
