---
title: May 2019 ISSA Chapter Meeting
meeting_date: 2019-05-01
location: Nixon Peabody, Downtown Rochester
teaser: Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its May chapter meeting.  This month’s meeting will provide a hands-on network forensics training session with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.
---
Join the local Rochester ISSA chapter for its May chapter meeting.  This month’s meeting will provide a hands-on network forensics training session with Kali, a popular Linux distro used for pentesting.

Admission is free for current ISSA members and $20 for non-members or expired members.  Sustenance (likely pizza) and beverages will be provided.  Space is limited so please RSVP.

**Where:  Nixon Peabody, 1300 Clinton Square, 13th floor, Lomb conference room (free parking underneath the building, bring the ticket to the meeting for validation)<br>
When:  Wednesday, May 1st, 6:00 PM**  (Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}})by Monday, April 29th.)

## Seminar:  Hands-on Network Forensics Using Kali Linux

Formerly known as Backtrack, Kali Linux is a powerful pentesting platform.  Unlike other distros, Kali has tightly integrated a number of the top security testing tools available.  Network forensic exercises will be designed to simulate real-world scenarios using packet captures for an in-depth learning experience.

### Agenda

* Learn powerful Wireshark filters for quickly analyzing data
* Follow multiple conversation streams with ease
* Decrypt traffic like you’re an analyst working for the NSA
* Become the network forensics bad-ass you’ve always wanted to be!

### Student Requirements

* Students should come to the meeting withKali Linux already loaded and working.  Pre-built images of Kali are available to run for free in both VirtualBox and VMware Player.
* A solid understanding of TCP/IP and various network services (DNS, DHCP, etc).  (Note:  If you think that TCP-IP is a droid from Star Wars, this session is NOT for you.)
* A tolerance/desire for moderate pain & suffering is helpful, but not required.

### What Students Should Bring

Students are required to bring their own laptops already running Kali Linux on VMware Workstation Player 15 or VirtualBox 6.  If you are new to installing Kali, we recommend one of the pre-built images from Offensive Security.

* This session is Hands-on Network Forensics usingKali Linux, not how to install Kali Linux on a virtual machine or troubleshooting why Kali is not allowing copy/paste.  PLEASE COME PREPARED!
* Windows 10 users using VMware Workstation will need to disable Credential Guard and/or Device Guard beforeKali Linux will boot properly.
* You will need to be able to transfer files from USB to yourKaliLinux image, preferably using the copy/paste functionality.
* If your Linux kung-fu skills are not up to snuff, you can follow along with plain-ole’ Wireshark on your laptop, but you will not be able to fully participate in the training.

### Trainers

Instruction will be provided by several members of the local Rochester ISSA chapter.  Please keep heckling to a minimum.

Please RSVP to [{{ site.rsvp_email_display }}]({{ site.rsvp_email}}) by Monday, April 29th to reserve your seat at this exciting event!
